British English Academy.
C2 listening activity.
Course: C2 Mastery English.
Module 3: Specialised Academic and Professional English.
Lesson 5: Specialised Academic and Professional English: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for subtle tone, implication and rhetorical control.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can critique, refine, interpret nuance and produce expert-level responses in a speaking task about specialised discourse.
Today you will practise language connected to specialised discourse.
Target language: stylistic inversion.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for specialised academic and professional english. You will learn useful language connected to specialised discourse and practise stylistic inversion. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C2 level.